Updating bits around application gateway's connection draining. (#43787)
Azure/azure-content: articles/application-gateway/overview.md

## Connection draining

> Connection draining helps you achieve graceful removal of backend pool members during planned service updates. This setting is enabled via the backend http setting and can be applied to all members of a backend pool during rule creation. Once enabled, Application Gateway ensures all de-registering instances of a backend pool do not receive any new request while allowing existing requests to complete within a configured time limit. This applies to both backend instances that are explicitly removed from the backend pool by a user configuration change, and backend instances that are reported as unhealthy as determined by the health probes. The only exception to this are requests bound for de-registering instances, which have been de-registered explicitly, because of gateway-managed session affinity and will continued to be proxied to the de-registring instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connection draining helps you achieve graceful removal of backend pool members during planned service updates. This setting is enabled via the backend http setting and can be applied to all members of a backend pool during rule creation. Once enabled, Application Gateway ensures all deregistering instances of a backend pool do not receive any new request while allowing existing requests to complete within a configured time limit. This applies to both backend instances that are explicitly removed from the backend pool by a user configuration change, and backend instances that are reported as unhealthy as determined by the health probes. The only exception to this are requests bound for deregistering instances, which have been deregistered explicitly, because of gateway-managed session affinity and will continued to be proxied to the deregistering instances.
```
